well howdy there internet people let's
bow again we are in a weird weird world
we heart through the looking-glass
at a time when the president's approval
rating should be soaring and I mean
soaring because of his recent wins it's
not instead he's dealing with a hashtag
trending on Twitter veterans for
impeachment veteran community that
generally are very supportive especially
after a win like that he's dealing with
a baseball stadium booing him enchanting
lock him up he's dealing with a
demonstration in Chicago
it's very strange and out comes the
media to pacify Americans this is on
American this is unpatriotic be good be
civil and I get the argument I've made
it myself in the past I have been
against this kind of rhetoric for a very
very long time they're doing a horrible
job of explaining the point so let me
explain the point and then tell you why
it's changed you know new information
should change your views on things and
this is a time when it needs to happen
the idea is that that kind of rhetoric
is dangerous it sends us down a road
towards a temp Arctic Tator ship that's
the idea lock her up lock him up lock
her up lock him up and it's all fun and
games and while everybody's chanting and
then somebody does it not because of any
crime the person committed but simply
because they're of another political
party their opposition
so they lock them up and then it's over
the great American experiment is gone
that's the danger and it's a real danger
with Trump it's even more of a danger
because if he believes that when he
leaves office he's going to be
prosecuted it's gonna be really hard to
get him out of that oval he may employ
means that we haven't really considered
to stay in power
it's dangerous it really is it's not
rhetoric this should be used but the
time to make that argument was years ago
when it started not when the rhetoric
finally got aimed to you because that's
what's happened a lot of conservatives
are all of a sudden saying oh no don't
say this this is bad this could lead
there yeah yeah I could it could and I'm
sorry that it took that rhetoric being
aimed at you to understand that
the time to make that argument was years
ago you don't get to sit there and say
hey be patriotic this is an American
don't do this just sit there be a good
German it'll all work out no we know how
that works out we're not doing it again
the time to make that argument is past
the time to make that argument stopped
when the president's lawyers walked into
a courtroom and created another argument
and that other argument was that he was
above the law that he could not be
investigated could not be charged could
not be prosecuted until somebody forced
him out of power because with that power
if that's there he can do anything he
wants to
including suspend elections because
there's no criminal liability and that's
the argument they made when that
argument was made the idea of civil
rhetoric and civil debate it ended yeah
it's time for inflammatory debate it's
time for people to understand exactly
what we're dealing with here we've been
saying it since he took office since
before he took office this is the type
of person he is this is the kind of
person who's going to scapegoat an
entire group of people tear their
families apart and throw them in cages
so he can say look you're better than
them stick with me and I'll keep you
better than them meanwhile I'm gonna
believe the country dry but he didn't
say that last part out loud and people
followed it the media and a Republican
Party do not get to walk out now and say
Oh be patriotic
this is uncivil simply because people in
a baseball stadium had the spine and
courage to make the argument that you
failed to you followed this guy you sold
out your country for a red hat and a
stupid slogan the rest of the country
doesn't have to follow you the fact that
people in that baseball stadium
understand what this country is supposed
to be more than you
well that's really how it should be
because you're supposed to take your
cues from them not the other way around
you're not a ruler you're not supposed
to be yeah this rhetoric it's the time
to employ because if we don't it's gonna
have to go beyond rhetoric and nobody
wants that even the people that think
they do and they're talking about it on
Twitter or I'm ready
no you're really not you don't
understand what it is I know that most
people who think that when that comes
it's all going to be Muslim illegal
immigrant Obama loving communists that
you have to fight that's not the way
this works it's your neighbor it's the
parents of the child who your kid plays
with so yeah
it's the time to use that rhetoric so
that doesn't become a possibility the
president's committed crimes to assert
that people can't say he should go to
prison for it that is the road to
dictatorship it's not a possible road
that may occur because of rhetoric
you're sending us there I'm not going to
be a person that just follows orders and
I'm glad there's a stadium full of
people that feel the same way anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good day